>> So congratulations everybody,
you have finished the homepage for
your portfolio website, and
it looks absolutely fabulous.
So the next thing that you
may be wondering about is,
how do we go about creating an inside
page for the next part of this website.
And I am going to get you started on that,
and then let you go through and
see if you can figure out how to
create the rest of this inside page.
So let's get started.
Inside of VS code, you have a file that
you should have downloaded back in
chapter six when you downloaded all of
the images from GitHub, there was an HTML
file that was available to you that's
It's called projectstart.html.
If you open up projectstart.html,
this is most of
the information that you need for
the header of this document.
The content here for the header is
not marked up, you're gonna need to
mark that up, change the background
image from the comment to the Stars.
And then in the section featured here,
we have a lot of the resources
here that you're going to need to
lay out this section of the webpage,
including the YouTube video.
We have three images that are here and
some text, more images, more text, and
then the footer down here on the bottom is
all set, you don't need to do anything.
So, what I am going to
recommend that you do here
at Project Start,
we're gonna do a File, Save As.
And I'm gonna call this lime.html,
as in magenta lime.
And then we, what I'd like for
you to do now is I'd like for
you to take a look at Lime.HTML and
see if you can make it look
just like the page that we
have on the course website.
So, this is the way this
page is going to look.
In other words,
we need to swap out a different
background image up appear on the intro.
You gonna need to mark up the code here,
markup the text to do something else.
And then you're going to need
to work on your Flexbox and
grid skills to lay out this web page here.
So we will need to make the video nice and
big.
Three images across two columns of text,
another nice big image,
and then a little bit of text and
the image next to it like this.
So that is my challenge to you.
See if you can go through and
create the Magenta Lime webpage.
All right?
So I hope you enjoyed that
inside page challenge.
That is a wonderful way to expand your
skills and really dig into HTML and
CSS and see if you can make
the work all on your own.
So I'm going to walk through
what my answers were for this.
As always,
we're gonna start with HTML markup.
So I am going to scroll
down here on my page.
The nav bar is all set and ready to go.
I'm going to scroll down here to
the first part of the text here,
which is inside of around line
85 to 88 where we get started.
I am going to turn on the word wrapping.
So If I go to view, word wrap,
this is gonna turn on the word wrap so
that I can better see
what's going on here.
So inside of my header,
then I'm gonna add an article because
this seems kind of like a story to me.
I'm gonna wrap that all
the way around my text.
And I am going to set Magenta Lime,
that is, the name of this project.
So this is going to become my h2,
Magenta Lime,h2.
And then of course this is
just a paragraph of text here.
So here is the attack text, on my screen.
Okay, great.
So that's the first thing here.
Pretty simple to do,
right here in the header of the document.
We just add an article,
an h2, and a paragraph.
All set.
Now I'm going to scroll
down to the website tour.
This is where we have the Stripe
Background and we have the video and
all the rest of it.
So the website tour is
going to get an h2/h2.
And then I have these images,
I have three images, and
then I have a whole bunch
of text underneath.
This actually lends itself to a figure
once again, believe it or not,
you can have a figure that has
multiple images inside of it.
So this is the way that I marked it up.
You may have marked it up differently and
that's okay.
Some people may have
preferred to use divs or
actually maybe very little markup at all,
but I like it with the figures.
So I'm going to put in my figure
element here to start with.
And then we're going to have three
images underneath, which is great.
And then of course this text here will
be our figure caption, figcaption.
And that's end at the end of all over
blah blah, </Figcaption and </figure.
Okay, so each of the images is all set and
ready to go.
It already has the source for each of
those images that already has alt text for
each of those images.
And so for the Figure caption, all that
we need to do is put in a paragraph.
Cuz that's what that is,
the big long paragraph.
Okay, then I have this image here,
which is the image with the diamond grids.
So that's gonna hang out here all by
itself we can throw in a return here to
sorta indicate that it's
just gonna hang out here.
And then we have another image that
has text along with it lends itself
again to a figure.
So let's put in our figure and
we'll put in our </figure.
And our <figcaption.
</Figcaption and then of course,
all of the text here.
Looks like I lost a word there.
Let's put it in a paragraph,
and this is this.
This track list flies in and out on click.
Okay.
And then </p down here at the bottom.
Okay, cool.
So that is the HTML,
that's all that we needed to do.
Just two sections,
a little bit of HTML in the intro section,
a lot more HTML down in the featured
section, for the website.
So once that's all in place,
then we're on to styling all of that text.
And, so I am going to go to, first of all,
let's just take a quick
peek at how this looks.
Okay?
So this is the magenta line page,
that's the wrong image in the background,
there should be stars now.
And you'll see that we
have the videos too small,
the pictures are too big,
all absolutely fabulous.
And what's going on here?
Does anybody have any idea
what's going on here?
We mark these up as figures.
What is that weird black thing
that's there on top of the images?
>> The styling we set up before.
>> It's the styling we set up before for
the homepage.
-huh, so, yes CSS is doing what CSS does,
this is called featured.
So it's pulling in all of those featured
styles and applying it here, So
it's gonna look kinda odd.
All right.
We have captions trying to overlap the
image, and none of the styling is right.
So we just have a bunch of
things that we need to fix.